good a fatal accident was this
Christmas day at the access of the
Location of Lebu Region of Bio Bio
information that we have been
delivering because there are three people who
they died and two were left with injuries
of different consideration but outside
vital risk and unfortunately
is about the car of a family that was going to
an encounter and all for the last gift
missing
a fatal accident was recorded in the
hours before the celebration of
Christmas in the Bío Bío region
balance three deceased a regrettable
death after the violent impact on
black stone sector about five
kilometers of light income the accident
It happened after 7 pm when
a chevrolet van n 300 max with
address to santa rose lost control
in the curve near black stone crashing
on one side to a Ford truck what
which caused the overturning outside the
route about a traffic accident with
which unfortunately three died
people who were occupants of the
utility vehicle with whites that
are well exposed to the price would be
relatives because others will arrive
people who recognized them and would be
cousin brothers among them after the
severity of the accident three occupants
of the utility vehicle resulted
deceased and two passengers of the
van were transferred to the hospital
santa Isabel they out of risk
vital the deceased people were
identified as josé moraga riffo
23 year old van driver who died
next to two of his classmates Carlos
valenzuela figueroa de 22 and raúl rizzo
figueroa of 21 years all
at home in santa rosa and those who
they headed to the town of Lebu to
make the last Christmas purchases
but unfortunately they could not reach
he goes to his destination counting gift
they left like the ones at 44 where
they rested
back and would clarify terrero
when we found out that raising my cousins
the remains of the three cousins ​​were
veiled this Tuesday in the church
Christian and missionary alliance of Saint
rose to the place friends came
and relatives of the victims who in
total bewilderment they said goodbye to the
young people that by going in search of a gift
they ended up being victims of the pavement
slippery and the lousy climate of the area
quiet a good son
and loving respectful
and it's not for the gift but he's
say calm and
and serene to make your things a sad
story in full Christmas and that without a doubt
will be a thorn in this family and that
gave three of its members
in the worst possible way